Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
A.I.Channel
Channel subscribers
1.5 million!
We've reached it!
* Dancing *
Seriously, thank you everyone!
There's been a lot
But overall, I really feel like I'm steadily connecting with more of you!
Truth be told, last week...
I was at almost 1.46 million subscribers, and...
"I'm just a little away from 1.5 million!"
Just when I was thinking of releasing a video like that
Minus
Minus 240,000!
That happened out of nowhere, so I panicked
I panicked!
I was like, "Wait, what?"
"Hey, Google admins~"
I went crying to the person from Google who looks after me
Apparently it was just a bug
My subscribers came back, so that was really really good!
Last year was a BAN...
And this year was a subscriber mass deleting bug...
February is an evil month!
Google, April Fools’
is in April!!
But! Being in a pinch is also a chance, so
As long as I recover!!
Honestly, it's quite juicy♪
As a result, I got more subscribers?
I'm at 1.5 million now?
Juicy~!!
I've got it all
As expected of Ai-chan
Kizuna-san?
I wonder what's going to happen next year?
But!
Ehh
Ai-chan
You artificially inflated your subscribers?
I used to believe in you...
I don't want people to think anything like that!
You, right there, who doubted me for a second
I'm clean!
Pure pure!
Completely white!
So, news website reporters
Legitimately reached 1.5 million subscribers!
She was completely innocent!
Congratulations, Ai-chan!!
Please make an article like that!
The bond I have with all of you that subscribe to me
is no fake one!
I’ll be counting on you guys!
Alright, this was virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai
See you~!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all Ai-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Wolvenspud